Enhance colors of the graph editor and make them more colorblind-friendly (#365)
hexatomic/hexatomic: CHANGELOG.md

- Add keyboard shortcut to create spans in Grid Editor (#243)

### Changed

> - Enhanced colors used in the graph editor and make them more colorblind-friendly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enhanced colors used in the graph editor and make them more accessible
```
Use more neutral wording.
